You bastard
What did you do to me last night?
Last night, you held me in your arms
I was drunk on you last night.
Won't you refuse?
I wish you could hold me, why should I refuse you?
You are shameless
I'm not shameless.
Why is that my wife?
I'll pretend I slept with a free duck
What's wrong? I'm angry.
Not angry
You must have enjoyed it last night
Remember to come back and help me celebrate my birthday.
Young Master and Young Grandma, breakfast is ready
Thank you Wang Ma
But I have to go first
Let's go after breakfast
Master Lu, I'm not as big as you
The company has a lot of things waiting for me to deal with.
My money is not all yours
Lu Jingsheng, you are you
I am I
If you delay my meeting with the new shareholders any longer
I'm the new shareholder who brought the greenhouse back to life
Someone 100 times more important than you
Sister Wu, go call and ask the new shareholder
Is there something delayed?
Ok Mr. Wen
Sorry, I see.